# Belief Propagation

Belief propagation is a message-passing algorithm used in graphical models, such as Bayesian networks and Markov random fields, to perform probabilistic inference. It is based on the idea of iteratively updating beliefs or probabilities associated with each node in the graph based on information received from neighboring nodes. Belief propagation is commonly used for tasks like estimating marginal probabilities, making predictions, and solving constraint satisfaction problems in various fields, including machine learning, computer vision, and artificial intelligence. It is particularly useful for handling complex, interrelated probabilistic relationships in graphical models.



This project implement `Belief Propagation`  and `Loopy Belief Propagation`  in java. This project relies on [JGraphT](https://jgrapht.org/) and [Nd4j](https://deeplearning4j.konduit.ai/nd4j/tutorials/quickstart) for graph building and message passing respectively. This project also make reference to the git [repo](https://github.com/krashkov/Belief-Propagation) as well.



# How to use

Please go to this [wiki page](https://github.com/ykwongaq/Belief-Propagation-Java/wiki) for how to use it.

# Export As Jar

This is a maven project. `.jar` file can be generated by standard maven operation.

1. Go to the root directory:

   ```cmd
   cd Belief-Propagation-Java
   ```

   

2. Run the following command:

   ```cmd
   mvn package
   ```

3. You can find `belief-propagation-java.jar` and `belief-propagation-java-jar-with-dependencies.java` in `Belief-Propagation-Java\target`

   `belief-propagation-java.jar`: Library without any other dependency

   `belief-propagation-java-jar-with-dependencies.java`: Library with dependency such as JGraphT and Nd4j







